Make `save_html()` an S3 generic method (#411)
rstudio/htmltools: NEWS.md

# htmltools (development version)

## New Features

> * `save_html()` is now an S3 generic, allowing for HTML-like objects to be saved as an HTML file. (#411)

Author: ```suggestion
* `save_html()` is now an S3 generic, allowing for more customization over how certain classes are saved to an HTML file. (#411)
```
